As per the above all visualizations some insights got as below -

1 Kaduna north is highly affected and diagnosed by TB
2 Kaduna north has highly HIV + ve patients and increasing. Their should be more care to be taken by WHO and local governments for increase in public health awareness and sex education to each person of region including schools and college students.
3 Zaria and kaduna north also shown increse in diagnosed cases.
4 Sabon gari's health care workers are highly affected TB as per presumptive. if thats correct then workers should be trained for self care.
5 Patients with High Rifampcin resistant has less chance of TB affection. Each region of Kaduna shown TB cases are increasing year by year. The government needs to be aware of and needs to conduct necessary actions with the help of WHO too.
6 We should aware WHO too to help kaduna to solve the TB problem and mprove the healthy life of each person of Kaduna.
7 Kaduna north, Kaduna south , Zaria and Kauru here both male and female total TB cases found so health guidance is must to this region.
8 Kaduna north , Kaduna south and Kachia here both Male and Female HIV positive TB cases found. That means there are lots of humans who are infected by HIV. Here need of some health and sex education and medical assessments by WHO.
9 In Chikun the HIV positive Female TB cases are found so health guidance is must to this region
10 Kaduna north , kaduna south , Zaria , Giwa has more HIV negative Female TB cases found.
12 Soba and Zaria has high HIV unknown Tb cases found so it should be cross checked that TB is positive or not immediately.
13 Kaduna north , Birnin gwari has total male and female TB positive are high.
As per all points WHO must have to organise health and sex education and health checkup treatments as HIV affected humans are more likely to be affected by TB due to weak immunity.

As Kaduna shown increase in TB cases, it's warning to nearby all regions of Kaduna to aware of TB and conduct necessarily improvements.
